{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You're updating the Little Tech Association website, which deploys to Vercel from this repo. I've added a file named LTA_BecomeMember_Page_v3.html to the repo. It is the new "Become a Member" page, but it's a self-contained design mockup \'97 adapt it to this repo's conventions before integrating it.\
\
1. INSPECT THE REPO FIRST. Identify the framework and build setup, then look at how the existing Homepage and "Mission & Issues" page are implemented, styled, and routed. Add the new page the SAME way they are \'97 same file structure, routing approach, styling approach, and shared layout/header. Match their conventions exactly; do not introduce a new pattern.\
\
2. STRIP THE MOCKUP SCAFFOLDING. The source file wraps the real page in a fake browser frame for review. Remove all of it and keep only the actual page. Delete: the .doc-frame outer wrapper, the .doc-header bar, the .browser / .browser-bar chrome (the colored dots and fake URL bar), and the .mockup-note callout. The live page is everything inside <div class="page-content"> \'97 the <nav>, the masthead, and the .steps-wrap stepper. Set the <body> background to petrol (#07313F).\
\
3. PRESERVE EXACTLY \'97 DO NOT REDESIGN:\
   - Header: "Little Tech Association" in Figtree (left); "Mission & Issues" link + "Join Us" button (right). No logo mark, no footer. IMPORTANT: if the existing pages use a shared header/nav component, reuse that component and drop the mockup's inline nav rather than duplicating it.\
   - All colors, fonts (Archivo / Figtree / JetBrains Mono via Google Fonts), and spacing.\
   - The five-section stepper and all its behavior: required-field validation that gates the "Next" button, the social-platform dropdown + handle rows with "+ Add a platform," the engagement options (Opt-In selected by default), the sign-on checkbox logic (checked by default; unchecking it reveals a required "why did you opt out?" field that must be filled before advancing), and the Thank You section.\
   - If this repo uses React/JSX, port the vanilla <script> logic to the framework's idioms (state/effects, client component) WITHOUT changing behavior. If it's static HTML, keep the inline <style> and <script> as they are.\
\
4. WIRE NAVIGATION to match the existing site's routes:\
   - This page lives at /become-a-member (match whatever path the existing "Join Us"/"Become a member" links already point to).\
   - The header "Mission & Issues" link points to the existing Mission & Issues page.\
   - The "Join Us" header button points to this page.\
   - The "click here to download the PDF" link in the sign-on section points to the sign-on letter PDF if one exists in the repo; otherwise leave it as href="#" and add a TODO comment.\
\
5. DO NOT MODIFY ANY OTHER PAGE. Only add/replace the Become a Member page (and reuse the shared header if one exists).\
\
When done, commit to a new branch and open a pull request so Vercel builds a preview deployment. Summarize what you changed and flag anything you had to guess.}